---
title: Home
header: true
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=10px width=105% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/Enternikot/NuxtAnime
---

#title
<span style="font-weight: 400"><span style="font-size: 32px">✨</span>Magical<sup style="font-size: 32px">✨</sup> animations made easy: </span>Nuxt meets Anime.js

#description
<strong style="color:white">NuxtAnime</strong> is an easy plug & play module with zero configuration to create beautiful animations in <span style="color: #00DC82">[Nuxt](https://nuxtjs.org)</span> based on <span style="color: #ff4b4b">[Anime.js v4.](https://animejs.com/)</span>


#extra
  ::list
  - **Zero Configuration**: No setup required to get started.
  - **Flexible Usage**: Choose your style – use as **Composables**, **Directives**, or **Components**.
  - **Core Features**: Currently supports `animate` and `timeline`. More functions and helpers are planned!
  - **Type-Safe**: Full TypeScript support for current Anime.js v4 parameters.
  - **Easy & Customizable**: Simple to integrate and fully adaptable to your needs.
  - **Full Control**: Provides complete access to the `JSAnimation` object and methods returned by Anime.js for fine-grained control.
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - npx install nuxt-anime
  - add the module into the nuxt.config.ts
  - npm run dev
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=💪}
  #title
  Fully Customizable Animation Power
  #description
  You have the choice. Leverage the `JSAnimation` object to craft stunning animations. Trigger them seamlessly with `vue` or build intricate animation timelines.
  ::

  ::card{icon=🏃}
  #title
  Directives for Effortless Animation
  #description
  Need basic animations quickly? No problem! Instead of `composables`, easily integrate them with a `directive` and a trigger. Done!
  ::

  ::card{icon=👨‍🎨}
  #title
  Unleashing Animation Potential
  #description
  For better organization and cleaner code, we have created some `components` for you.  
  ::
  ::card{icon=❤️}
  #title
  Thanks! Anime.js Community.
  #description
  Thank you, Anime.js Community! The incredible work and dedication are truly appreciated.
  ::
::
